[Logs] Updated Max Upload Parameters and created a page for Log Output Options (#6920)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/get-started/log-output-options.md

> ---

Reviewer: Shouldn't this page go under `Reference`, just like `Filter` and `Custom fields`?

Author: Makes sense. I'll move it.

- **batch_prefix**: string to be prepended before each batch.
- **batch_suffix**: string to be appended after each batch.

- **record_prefix**: string to be prepended before each record.
- **record_suffix**: string to be appended after each record.
- **record_template**: string to use as template for each record instead of the default comma-separated list. All fields used in the template must be present in **field_names** as well, otherwise they will end up as `null`. Format as a Go text/template without any standard functions (like conditionals, loops, sub-templates, etc.). The template can only consist of these three types of tokens:
    - Action: this is either a `{{ .Field }}` or a `{{ "constant text" }}`.
    - Text: this is just constant text in-between the `{{ actions }}`.
    - Comment: the `{{/* comments */}}` are silently dropped.
- **record_delimiter**: string to be inserted in-between the records as separator.

- **field_delimiter**: string to join fields. Will be ignored when **record_template** is set.

- **timestamp_format**: string to specify format for timestamps, such as `unixnano`, `unix`, or `rfc3339`. Default `unixnano`.

> - **sample_rate**: floating number to specify sampling rate (default 1.0: no sampling). Sampling is applied on top of andregardless of the current sample_interval of the data.

Reviewer: I think this should be:
```suggestion
- **sample_rate**: floating number to specify sampling rate (default 1.0: no sampling). Sampling is applied on top of filtering, and regardless of the current sample_interval of the data.
```
